and that senate friends
today we meet again for the video
presentation of my virtual epic that
will begin tomorrow at the same time as the
don de france my virtual epic on pro
cycling manager 2013 tour de france part
of Corsican this year with three stages
quite difficult at the very beginning
you go through the azure coast and
go straight up through the Pyrenees and
the Alps to finish at the champs-elysées
the 2013 Tour de France will also pass
by the mythical demon like Mount
ventoux alpe d'huez by twice
the same step without counting the pass of
pailheres and so on and so on
it will be dantesque following my two
videos from last week you've been
many to ask me by private message
or even to make an epic
virtual so suddenly I'll do a
Tour de France at the same time as
professionals on pro cycling manager
the ultimate management management game
ultimate incarnate manager you manage your
nine short try to make your
better of the maximum each day that's then
to develop I chose the fdj
we 've seen in the live live
I'm already taking this team there it's
not a big team with a big
leader who can win the tour de france
it's a failure
contador or but separable resumes
thibaut pinot and his team b gently
to set goals to try to
progress every day try
to go to bring our leader to the maximum
to go there was a top ten of the
General classification
thibaut pinot for it has to be
one of the first overall
at the end of this virtual tour de france
it's a goal it's my goal
main
we will come back we will come back to
a show presented a little the team I
decided to take exactly the same
team that will be present mostly from
France takes the same runners
preselected the fdj and here you are
so I'll explain to you I
present more all the roofs see who
are the leaders who will be the adventurer
whoever is the climber who will convoy
mountain leader the sprinter I
will you all detail that you'll be
ready tomorrow for the launch of my
epic virtual she's gone go
we meet time with thibaut pinot
leader of the team
my goal with thibaut pinot stage da
and top ten overall
thibaut pinot and young do not come anymore
great French hopes get the towers and
other races
he is 23 years old he won a stage the year
last is the turn of France for his
participation and finishes 10th of the round of
france or place arnold jeannesson
now 14th of the Tour de France
n2 in a very promising corridor yet
once who will accompany thibaut
pinot in the mountains
whether in the actual rate or in
my turn on lawsuits that swim in 2013
I'm counting on him if I can do it
attack in the mountain stages
for the climber's jersey why not
but it will be especially there to be
collective around and maybe even
play his personal card
it was great climber here is arthur
vichot new champion of France since
few days he succeeds his
teammate nacer bouhanni in the game he
will not have the same champion of France
because the update was not
done before but it's
new champion of France on road
she very very good runner 24 years old
very young what crisis to become one
of the biggest currents of his
generation in the coming years
I'm counting on him to try to
take the polka dot jersey at the very beginning
steps of the month yet that's why
not do some nice breakaways
during the tour de france pierrick
federigo the big brother of the team the
older former champion of France well
his multiple stage winners on the
candid choice that had 88 4 or 5 very very
good runners a great puncher who you
serve as an adventurer I try to expose
the race at times with him for
dynamite the mans the race and try
leaders to escape and can not
win a stage with him a very good
runner getting back in shape
see it's a little the team boss
with his age alexander geniez s is
still a young person with training
French games even very promising
again that intervenes too
well done
atmosphere and I rely on him for less
to blast the race and why not
go for a stage win in
this tour de france and do its best
because he may have a little trouble
mountains but here may be
road captain of the clan and
maximums to seek victories
stage the place to jérémy the rights to
a great honor of the few fdj
times vice-champion of France behind
them chavanel on the time trial
good rider of the team then I count
on him for the time trial by
teams too even though I know I
misses the leg pain fine by
teams
I think we'll finish the year or before
last when I sold my momentum
against nice 1-0 but hey that's a
big wheeler I'm counting on him too
for multimedia race and that risk
to hurt with him
murilo fischer brazil that is to say
it's not too big brother too
team
a new recruit for the fdj in 2013
he 's 33 years old if I remember well that's
a little the grandpa of the team had preferred
go then he is rather a sprinter
or a pilot fish that can bring the
sprinter then a quack to manas peter
is called the pilot fish and I think
he too like as william hat
run after to take nacer bouhanni
in sprints
william bonnet the grandpa of the team too
it's getting old now and but we
always count on him it's a runner
experienced who will also serve as
pilot fish a lectured our
sprinter on this tour de france
an experienced pilot fish and well
placed his runner before the final sprint
this is the role of a pilot fish is
to properly position his sprinter
currency in his wheel the at most the most
possible up the platoon for it to be
moved on arrival and to precede
sprint stage
nacer bouhanni our champion of France
outgoing that will be improved blue white
red on the tour de france
tell me especially virtual france all
updates was not that they
are album france - sprinter on this
Tour de France
I hope he will be well accompanied by
thousands of pilot fish for
try to glean why not a
stage victory on this tour de france
and hope for a good place to talk about them
friends the briefing is over you know
what's waiting for me with the fdj
you know my runners you know my
goals everything that will happen by
a three weeks on this tour de france
Here virtual virtual tour France
who appear at the same time as the
real tour de France or even my
videos arrive or go in every
evenings at 8 pm
at each real step there will be tables
virtual on ozaki manager on my
chain at 8 pm for us also painter in
weeks I hope to do my best
I hope not to be ridiculous and on the
blow this image in 2013 for there and I
give you an appointment tomorrow from 20
hours to the first video chat world